This file describes the data in the different data files.  
You must create all the tables from the relational model posted
on Blackboard. You should only populate the tables that 
have data in this directory.  This means will have a lot of 
tables that do not contain data.

When you create tables, make sure you specify appropriate constraints,
even if you are not populating the table. For example, primary keys
should be properly specified for all the tables.

For foreign keys, you can use any form of cascading you want.
Do not delete columns that I have not provided data for.  Just
set them to allow for NULLs. If one of the tables you have 
data for needs a primary key and I did not provide it, 
you can generate one in postgres using the serial data type
or creating your own sequence.

There is bad data in some of the files.  This was done by
design.  So this is something that you need to deal with.  
You should load all the data into temp tables (possibly 
using different data types for some fields) and then 
you should add only the good data to the final tables. 
You will do that using sql.  If you choose to clean the 
files in linux, you will get only limited credit doing this.
I know you can do it easily in linux.  I want you to practice 
doing this in postgres. In other words, all data cleaning should
happen in SQL.

What do you need to clean:
- Standardize capitalization if it makes sense (I do not care if you
choose all caps, initial caps, lower case, just name sure a particular 
attribute has the same capitalization when it makes sense.
- If fields should be numeric, only numeric values should be in the results.
Remove similar bad data.
- You do not need to clean typos if they are not bad data. In other words, 
a first name, Lisaa is a typo that does not need to be fixed. However, 
an 'a' for number does not make sense.

Data files:
products.dat
product category; product name; product description; price; product option; option value;nothing useful; product option; option value 

user.dat
email|password|email|first_name|last_name|middle_initial

zip.dat
zip_code|state|country

address.dat
email|street|city|zip

** The first file needs to be split across a number of tables.
** The last three files need to be combined to get the customer relation setup correctly. All the users are not US users.

Some extra credit options:
- Emails should have a '@' and a valid domain name
- Scripts for typos
- Add additional data
